[Music]
moreover david and the captains of the
army separated for the service some of
the sons of SF of Heymann and of juju
'then who should prophesy with harps
stringed instruments and cymbals and the
number of the skilled men performing
their service was of the sons of Asaph
sacker
joseph nathan i and ash Arriba
the sons of SF were under the direction
of a serf who prophesied according to
the order of the king of judah 'then the
sons of jeju Fionn Gedaliah
zi josiah shimmy I hash abaya and
matter--the ayah 6 under the direction
of their father jeju 'then who
prophesied with a harp to give thanks
and to praise the lord of Heymann the
sons of human baqia mattaniah Osseo cheb
you'll Jerry Mothe Hananiah and Nina
Eliza Goodell tie Roman tight either
Josh vacation mollified otha and maja
cieth all these were the sons of Haman
the Kings seer in the words of God to
exalt his horn
for God gave Heymann 14 sons and three
daughters all these were under the
direction of their father for the music
in the house of the Lord with cymbals
stringed instruments and harps
for the service of the house of God
Asaph did you theme and Heymann were
under the authority of the king so the
number of them with their brethren who
were instructed in the songs of the Lord
all who was skillful was 288 and they
cast lots for their duty the small as
well as the great the teacher with the
student
now the first lot for ACF came out for
joseph ii forget a liar him with his
brethren and sons 12 the third for zakah
his sons and his brethren 12 the fourth
Forge is RIE his sons and his brethren
12 v for nether nyah
his sons and his brethren 12th the six
for back ayah his sons and his brethren
12 the seventh for josh areolar his sons
and his brethren 12 the eighth for
Josiah his sons and his brethren 12 the
ninth for mattaniah his sons and his
brethren 12 the 10th for shimmy I his
sons and his brethren 12 the eleventh
for Azurill his sons and his brethren 12
the twelfth focaccia buyer his sons and
his brethren twelve the thirteen for
shoe being his sons and his brethren
twelve the fourteenth Fermata fire his
sons and his brethren twelve the
fifteenth for jira math his sons and his
brethren twelve the 16th for Hananiah
his sons and his brethren twelve the
seventeen for Josh vacation his sons and
his brethren twelve the 18th for her
Nene his sons and his brethren twelve
the 19th for Malachi his sons and his
brethren twelve the 20th for Elijah his
sons and his brethren twelve for 21st
for hatha his sons and his brethren
twelve the 22nd for goodell tie his sons
and his brethren twelve the 23rd for
Mojave Earth his sons and his brethren
twelve the 24th for romantic
Iza his sons and his brethren twelve